# Pre-depression

# Military Service
I always believed in consrcription. I've always believed that it is your duty as a human to pay back the world for it's sheer beauty and brilliance. So when I ran out of money for college, where I'd already decided I wanted to be a military doctor, I figured "Fuck it, let's go big!" Pararescue was my choice. I used to race Triathlons as a kid. My claim to fame there was that I outraced some crippled kid named Rudy that somehow became famous shortly after losing to me. Oh well, point is, I'm a pretty solid swimmer. Pararescuemen (PJs) are like if you dropped Ashton Kucher out of a HALO plane with an M4 hanging across his chest. PJs aren't just in a movie called The Guardian, they're literally labelled as a weapon system. The Guardian Angel Weapon System; or GAWS. Our motto was "These things we do, that others may live." And fuck was I ready to die for my country if it meant saving lives. I'm utilitiarian as fuck, John Stuat Mill would be happy. 

But I didn't make it as a PJ. I went to that school, the one they call superman school, and I fucking tried. I tried so fucking hard. I just wasn't mentally capable of the training. As a utilitarian, I would only quit with a plan. I went in that school trying to become Superman only to walk out closer to Lex Luthor. Years later, some girl that looked like Harleen Quinzel would hear me talk like Lex and lock me up in Arkham for a week and change. I'm smarter than Harleen. In just 5 days, I proved to that asylum that I wasn't Lex Luthor, I'm Dr. Strange. They diagnosed me with Bipolar disorder in Arkham, and I'll always be sure to avoid that Lex Luthor side. But like Reemus and Romulus, I was raised in a world I never understand. The only way forward is to create my own Rome. Tune in to see what Dr. Strange's Rome looks like.